strip asmide
if [ ! -e "../release" ] ; then mkdir ../release ; fi
tar cfz ../release/asmide-0.9.05.tar.gz -C .. AsmIDE MiniBug asmlib.a AsmRef AsmLinks doc AsmIDE/AsmIDE_install.txt
checkinstall -D --pkgversion=0.9.05 --pakdir=../release --maintainer=jeff@linuxasmtools.net -y

checkinstall 1.6.1, Copyright 2002 Felipe Eduardo Sanchez Diaz Duran
           This software is released under the GNU GPL.



*****************************************
**** Debian package creation selected ***
*****************************************
/usr/local/sbin/checkinstall: line 1151: dpkg-architecture: command not found

This package will be built according to these values: 

0 -  Maintainer: [ jeff@linuxasmtools.net ]
1 -  Summary: [ IDE (development tool) for assembler programmers ]
2 -  Name:    [ asmide ]
3 -  Version: [ 0.9.05 ]
4 -  Release: [ 1 ]
5 -  License: [ GPL ]
6 -  Group:   [ Applications/System ]
7 -  Architecture: [ i386 ]
8 -  Source location: [ AsmIDE ]
9 -  Alternate source location: [  ]
10 - Requires: [ ,/bin/sh ]

Enter a number to change any of them or press ENTER to continue: 

Installing with make install...

========================= Installation results ===========================
installing asmref in /usr/bin
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/bin/asmref': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/bin/asmlinks': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/man/man1/asmref.1.gz': File exists
installing  support documents at /usr/share/doc/asmref
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/cpu/x86_nasm.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/cpu/x86_ref.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/000.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/001.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/002.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/003.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/004.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/005.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/006.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/007.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/008.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/009.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/010.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/011.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/012.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/013.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/014.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/015.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/016.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/017.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/018.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/019.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/020.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/021.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/022.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/023.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/024.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/025.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/026.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/027.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/028.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/029.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/030.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/033.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/034.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/036.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/037.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/038.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/039.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/040.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/041.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/042.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/043.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/045.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/046.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/047.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/048.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/049.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/050.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/051.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/052.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/054.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/055.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/057.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/060.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/061.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/062.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/063.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/064.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/065.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/066.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/067.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/068.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/069.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/070.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/071.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/072.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/073.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/074.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/075.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/076.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/077.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/078.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/079.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/080.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/081.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/082.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/083.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/085.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/086.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/087.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/088.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/089.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/090.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/091.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/092.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/093.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/094.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/095.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/096.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/097.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/098.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/099.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/100.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/101.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/102.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/103.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/104.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/105.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/106.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/107.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/108.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/110.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/111.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/112.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/113.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/114.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/115.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/116.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/117.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/118.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/119.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/120.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/121.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/122.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/123.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/124.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/125.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/126.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/127.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/128.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/129.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/130.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/131.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/132.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/133.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/134.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/135.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/136.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/138.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/139.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/140.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/141.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/142.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/143.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/144.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/145.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/146.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/147.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/148.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/149.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/150.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/151.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/152.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/153.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/154.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/155.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/156.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/157.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/158.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/159.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/160.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/161.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/162.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/163.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/164.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/165.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/166.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/167.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/168.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/169.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/170.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/171.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/172.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/173.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/174.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/175.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/176.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/177.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/178.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/179.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/180.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/181.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/182.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/183.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/184.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/185.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/186.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/187.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/190.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/191.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/192.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/193.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/194.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/195.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/196.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/197.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/198.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/199.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/200.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/201.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/202.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/203.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/204.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/205.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/206.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/207.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/208.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/209.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/210.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/211.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/212.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/213.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/214.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/215.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/216.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/217.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/218.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/219.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/220.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/221.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/224.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/225.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/226.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/227.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/228.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/229.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/230.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/231.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/232.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/233.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/234.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/235.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/236.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/237.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/238.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/239.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/240.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/241.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/242.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/243.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/244.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/245.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/246.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/247.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/248.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/249.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/250.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/251.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/252.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/253.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/254.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/255.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/256.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/257.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/258.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/259.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/260.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/261.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/262.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/263.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/264.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/265.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/266.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/267.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/268.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/269.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/270.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/271.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/272.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/273.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/274.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/275.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/276.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/283.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/284.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/286.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/288.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/289.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/290.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/291.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/292.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/293.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/295.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/296.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/297.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/298.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/299.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/300.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/301.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/302.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/303.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/304.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/305.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/306.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/307.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/309.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/310.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kfun/314.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kinfo/k_err.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kinfo/k_include.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kinfo/k_proc.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kinfo/k_signals.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/kinfo/k_structures.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/lib/asmlib.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/lib/asmlib_examples.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/lib/asmlib_intro.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/lib/asmlibx.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/ainfo.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmbug.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmcolor.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmdis.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmedit.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmfile.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmfind.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmlib_index.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmlibx_index.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmlinks.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmmenu.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmmgr.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmplan.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmproject.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmpub.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmref.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmsrc.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmtimer.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmtrace.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/asmview.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/colors.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/copy.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/crt_test.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/domac.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/elfdecode.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/event.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/file_browse.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/fileset.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/font.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/format_doc.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/key_echo.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/minibug.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/multi_window.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/simple_window.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/sort.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/steptest.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/tracex.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/walktest.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/progs/xhelper.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/001.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/002.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/003.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/004.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/005.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/006.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/007.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/008.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/009.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/010.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/011.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/012.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/013.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/015.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/016.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/019.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/020.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/021.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/022.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/023.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/024.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/025.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/027.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/029.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/033.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/034.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/037.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/038.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/039.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/040.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/041.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/042.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/043.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/045.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/047.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/048.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/049.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/050.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/051.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/060.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/063.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/064.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/065.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/066.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/067.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/070.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/071.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/072.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/073.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/074.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/075.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/076.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/077.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/078.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/079.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/080.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/081.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/082.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/083.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/085.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/089,asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/090.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/091.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/092.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/093.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/094.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/095.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/096.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/097.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/099.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/100.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/101.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/102.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/103.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/104.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/105.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/106.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/107.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/108.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/114.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/116.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/117.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/118.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/120.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/121.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/122.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/126.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/132.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/133.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/135.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/136.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/138.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/139.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/140.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/141.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/142.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/145.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/146.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/147.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/149.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/154.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/155.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/156.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/157.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/162.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/163.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/165.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/168.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/171.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/172.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/174.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/175.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/176.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/180.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/182.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/183.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/184.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/191.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/192.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/193.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/194.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/195.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/196.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/198.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/203.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/204.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/205.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/206.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/207.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/209.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/211.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/212.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/220.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/225.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/245.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/247.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/248.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/250.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/259.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/260.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/261.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/263.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/snippets/290.asm': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/term/term_ascii.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/term/term_keys.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/term/term_vt.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/term/terminal_intro.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/term/terminfo.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/term/termios.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/tutor/a_faq.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/tutor/a_overview.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/tutor/a_quick.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/tutor/tutor1': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/tutor/tutor2': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/ext_lib.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/u_gcc.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/u_ld.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/u_make.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/u_objdump.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/u_strace.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/unix/utility_survey.txt': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/asmref.lnk': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/k_name_calls.lnk': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/k_num_calls.lnk': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/k_type_calls.lnk': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/k_code.lnk': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/asmlibe.lnk': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/doc/asmref/asmlibxe.lnk': File exists
installing minibug in /usr/bin
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/bin/minibug': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/share/man/man1/minibug.1.gz': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/lib/asmlib.a': File exists
install: cannot create regular file `/usr/bin/asmide': File exists
make: *** [install] Error 1

****  Installation failed. Aborting package creation.

Cleaning up...OK

Bye.

make: *** [deb] Error 1
